#EXTM3U x-tvg-url="https://github.com/mitthu786/tvepg/releases/download/latest/epg.xml.gz"

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000975&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts840" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-v4/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Shirdi Sai Baba
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/554.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000976&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts842" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-v3/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Somnath Temple
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/722.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000977&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts843" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-v3/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",ISKCON Mumbai
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3443253.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000985&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts849" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-v3/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Varanasi
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5532394.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000206&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts191" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-v1/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD National
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts40" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-v1/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",&tv HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000606&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts578" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-v2/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",&TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_196/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts63" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-v1/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee TV HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696484.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000586&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts557" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-v2/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2719036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000051&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts52" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-v1/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors HD
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4806066.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000574&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts543" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-v1/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4074.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000662&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts633" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-v2/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Investigation Discovery
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4696602.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000643&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts619" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-v3/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-m3.png" group-title="TS Shopping",Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_647/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000664&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts634" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21303-je858doo-v2/imageContent-21303-je858doo-m2.png" group-title="TS Shopping",Ezmall
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_872/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000457&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts438" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-v2/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Rishtey
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4085.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts54" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-v3/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",The Q
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000312&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts297" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-v1/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Big Magic
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/250.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000052&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts51" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-158-j5frd560-v2/imageContent-158-j5frd560-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Dangal
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100163.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000196&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts180" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-v2/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Anjan TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_370/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000917&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts817" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-v2/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-m6.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD Retro
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2960270.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000918&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts818" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-v2/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Shemaroo TV
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2894730.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000344&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts326" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-v1/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",DD Kisan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454898.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000528&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts503" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-v1/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Cinema HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051464.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000131&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts123" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-v1/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Cinema
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648345.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000193&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts175" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-v1/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Bollywood
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253299.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000783&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts727" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-v1/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Classic
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3771185.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000281&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts267" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-v1/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&pictures HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644033.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000162&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts148" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-v1/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&pictures
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569786.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000056&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts61" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-v2/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",Colors Cineplex HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4092383.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000054&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts53" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-v2/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",Colors Cineplex
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000785&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts730" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-v2/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",B4U Kadak
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_957/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts100" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-v1/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Action
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2122476.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000006&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts7" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-v1/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",B4U Movies
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2985036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000207&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts194" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-v3/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-m10.png" group-title="TS Movies",Enterr10 Movies
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630915.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts64" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-v1/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2700571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000935&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts823" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-v1/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Dhinchaak
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2649885.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000793&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts731" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-v2/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-m7.png" group-title="TS Movies",Manoranjan TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2860708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001118&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts965" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67799-kx7m7rhc-v1/imageContent-67799-kx7m7rhc-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Manoranjan Grand
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/237247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000236&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts223" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-v1/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",DD Sports
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2112645.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000907&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts812" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-v1/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",Eurosport HD
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5047611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000735&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts693" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-v4/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-m4.png" group-title="TS Sports",Eurosport
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326706.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000337&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts322" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-v2/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-m2.png" group-title="TS News",DD News
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1691524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000194&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts177" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-759-j5m13014-v2/imageContent-759-j5m13014-m3.png" group-title="TS News",ABP News
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000155&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts179" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-v1/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV India
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5400440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000732&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts689" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-v1/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Aaj Tak HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5528020.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000171&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts153" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-v1/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Aaj Tak
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3970762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000701&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts662" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-v2/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Family Health
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569764.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000273&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts259" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-v1/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903703.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000103&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts104" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-v1/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2108734.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000224&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts209" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-v1/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 24
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts106" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-v1/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News18 India
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326688.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000547&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts514" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-v1/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Hindustan
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2973727.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000740&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts696" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-v1/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",R Bharat
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253285.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000199&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts183" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-v1/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/221.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts36" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-v1/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News Nation
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240938.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000749&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts706" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67672-kwly0m4w-v1/imageContent-67672-kwly0m4w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/200.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000510&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts485" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-v2/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-m2.png" group-title="TS News",TOTAL TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_785/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001083&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts932" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-v1/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Times Now Navbharat HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/793883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts966" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67796-kx7lokw8-v1/imageContent-67796-kx7lokw8-m3.png" group-title="TS null",Times Now Navbharat
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/237239.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000955&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts831" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-v3/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-m6.png" group-title="TS News",News India 24x7
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167779.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000499&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts475" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-v1/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Sudarshan News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642982.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000301&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts286" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-v1/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",APN News
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/22.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts950" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-v1/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ET Now Swadesh
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1781/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000728&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts685" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-v4/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-m4.png" group-title="TS News",India Voice
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_922/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000435&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts415" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-v3/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-m3.png" group-title="TS News",News11 Bharat
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631009.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000434&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts414" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-v1/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 1 India
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_658/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000382&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts344" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-v2/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Hindi Khabar
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_564/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000305&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts291" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-v2/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Bharat Samachar
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5402804.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000401&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts384" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-v2/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Khabarain Abhi Tak
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_596/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000463&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts441" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-v2/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Samay
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_703/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000984&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts848" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-v3/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Network 10
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts869" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-v3/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Prime News
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1145/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000274&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts260" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-v1/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Business
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000292&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts278" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-v2/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Good News Today
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811112.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000223&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts204" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-v1/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC Awaaz
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4207514.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000216&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts213" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-v2/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Sansad TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2231635.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000227&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts212" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-v2/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Sansad TV - Rajya Sabha
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5708978.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000342&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts324" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-v1/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",DD India
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts2" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-v2/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travel XP - 4K
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_275/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000126&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts119" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-v1/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Discovery Kids
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/19335.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000631&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts605" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-v1/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",National Geographic HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/32487.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000361&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts341" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-v1/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery HD World
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3085468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000233&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts219" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-v2/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery Channel
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_128/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000297&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts287" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-v1/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Animal Planet HD World
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2626161.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000138&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts130" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-v4/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-m4.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_129/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts113" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-v1/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery Science
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_153/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000640&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts616" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-v2/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",History TV18 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/73.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000190&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts172" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-v1/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",History TV18
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_120/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts923" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-v2/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TravelXP 4K HDR
https://deltatesttatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/308733.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000371&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts367" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-v1/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",FOX Life HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000508&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts480" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-v3/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-m4.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TLC HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_780/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000145&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts135" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-v2/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TLC
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_127/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000242&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts228" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-v1/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Discovery Turbo
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553893.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000511&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts484" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-v1/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travelxp HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts55" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-v1/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travelxp
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_366/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000122&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts117" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-v1/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Food Food
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455096.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000403&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts382" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-v2/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-m3.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Zee Zest HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_604/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000529&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts504" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-v4/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-m7.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Zee Zest
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_830/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000426&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts406" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-v1/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV HD+
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2647692.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts103" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-v1/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_105/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000150&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts139" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-v1/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",9XM
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2240485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000237&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts224" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-v1/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",E24
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2057622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000425&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts405" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-v1/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV Beats HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1197.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000249&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts236" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-v1/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV Beats
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_402/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts9" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-v1/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",B4U Music
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3127385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000019&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts17" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-v1/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Mastiii
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3158956.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000552&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts517" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-v1/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Zing
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18145.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000035&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts38" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-v1/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Aastha
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240929.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000041&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts43" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-v1/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sanskar
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2679655.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000362&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts346" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-v1/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Disha TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/567173.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000465&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts446" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-v3/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Paras TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4594258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000420&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts397" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-v1/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",MH One Shraddha
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000472&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts447" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-v2/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sadhna TV
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4119911.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000444&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts420" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-v1/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Peace of Mind
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051407.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000393&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts373" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-v1/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Jinvani Channel
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3800634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000388&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts594" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-v1/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Ishwar TV
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3161401.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000479&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts456" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-v1/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Satsang TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000481&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts458" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-v1/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Shubh TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227021.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000294&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts283" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-v1/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Aastha Bhajan
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903719.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000524&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts500" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-v1/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Vedic
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562162.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000786&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts728" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-v2/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Subharti TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000854&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts775" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-v6/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",DIVYA
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts935" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-v1/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Awakening
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts911" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-v2/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Santwani
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1316/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001121&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts969" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69024-kzo68h3c-v1/imageContent-69024-kzo68h3c-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Aadinath TV
https://delta46tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/53.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts12" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-v3/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Ganga
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001124&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts970" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69027-kzo69re0-v1/imageContent-69027-kzo69re0-m2.png" group-title="TS null",MH One Dil Se
https://delta46tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/64.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000197&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts181" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-v1/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Bhojpuri Cinema
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974486.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000441&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts431" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11653-j9k1kyn4-v1/imageContent-11653-j9k1kyn4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Oscar Movies Bhojpuri
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2685474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000788&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts729" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-v1/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",B4U Bhojpuri
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_959/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts899" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62150-knicubns-v2/imageContent-62150-knicubns-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Pasand
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1309/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000972&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts838" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-v2/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Kashish News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1130/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000671&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts637" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-v1/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18086.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000752&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts709" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38817-juhtg57c-v2/imageContent-38817-juhtg57c-m2.png" group-title="TS News",ABP Ganga
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3394372.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000184&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts166" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-v1/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449423.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000021&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts20" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-v1/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141834.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts30" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-v1/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News UP UK
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2219352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000637&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts613" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-v3/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-m2.png" group-title="TS News",News State UP Uttarakhand
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/24405.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000948&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts827" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-v1/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Sadhna Plus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1124/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000330&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts316" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-v1/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD Bharati
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454813.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000357&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts339" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-v1/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2506888.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000331&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts317" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-v1/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Bihar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739499.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000548&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts512" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-v1/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000026&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts27" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-v1/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",IBC 24
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2970559.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000690&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts652" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-v2/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Bansal News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_885/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000742&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts698" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-v1/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",INH 24X7
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914733.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000168&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts222" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-v1/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News MP CG
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000679&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts643" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-v1/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News State MP CG
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3554776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000605&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts577" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-v1/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Swaraj Express SMBC
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3127354.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000944&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts829" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-v1/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Sadhna News MP CG
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1122/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts902" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-v1/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 24 Madhyapradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4114.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001088&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts937" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-v1/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Anaadi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1333/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000347&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts330" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-v1/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2274124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000610&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts583" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-v1/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Rajasthan News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484374.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000686&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts650" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-v1/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",First India Rajasthan
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569767.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000014&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts14" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-v1/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News Rajasthan
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4111593.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000004&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts5" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-v1/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Patrika TV Rajasthan
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/169.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts870" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-v1/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Jan TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/664890.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000729&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts687" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-v2/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-m5.png" group-title="TS Hindi Regional",A1 TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_927/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts912" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-v1/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Haryana Beats
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/139.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000353&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts332" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-v1/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Rajasthan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2627381.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000368&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts354" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-v2/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Urdu
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/148.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000549&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts518" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-v2/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Salaam
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_839/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000379&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts365" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-v2/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Gulistan News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_557/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000208&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts192" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-v2/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Fakt Marathi
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117480.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000886&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts800" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-v2/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Shemaroo MarathiBana
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/238.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000172&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts155" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-v2/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",ABP Majha
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696550.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000576&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts546" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-v1/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Saam TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000247&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts233" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-v2/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Jai Maharashtra
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_329/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts97" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-v2/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",TV9 Marathi
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240976.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000940&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts826" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-v3/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Lokshahi
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1121/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000354&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts336" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-v1/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",DD Sahyadri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000319&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts305" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-v2/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Colors Bangla HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727663.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000025&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts26" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-v1/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Colors Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_283/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000874&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts788" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-v1/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Enterr10 Bangla
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/449677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001045&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts896" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-v1/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Colors Bangla Cinema
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1305/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts102" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-v2/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",ABP Ananda
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2108737.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts23" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-v2/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",News18 Bangla
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141844.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts873" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-v2/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-m3.png" group-title="TS null",TV9 Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1149/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts890" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-v2/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-m9.png" group-title="TS News",Republic Bangla
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4562704.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000328&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts314" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-v1/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",DD Bangla
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4450742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000617&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts590" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-v2/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Telugu Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_485/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts862" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-v1/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Studio Yuva
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1140/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts49" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-v1/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",T News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640605.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000288&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts274" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-v1/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",V6 News
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811107.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000383&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts349" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-v1/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",HM TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2044287.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000280&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts266" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-v1/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",10 TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_433/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000993&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts855" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-v2/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Vidya
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1137/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000994&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts856" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-v2/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Nipuna
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1138/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000355&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts337" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-v1/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",DD Saptagiri
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000358&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts548" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-v3/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",DD Yadagiri
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4144008.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000304&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts290" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-v2/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Bhakti TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/76.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000471&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts445" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-v2/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Shubhavaarta TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_716/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000298&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts285" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-v1/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Aradana TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_460/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000364&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts351" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-v4/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Swara Sagar
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_533/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000655&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts630" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-v2/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Hindu Dharmam
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/151.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000774&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts723" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-v3/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Tamil Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_954/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000523&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts499" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-v1/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Vasanth TV
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2458442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000699&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts659" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-v2/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Vendhar TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_815/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts914" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-v1/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sony Ten 4
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/41.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts863" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-v2/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Kalvi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1142/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000235&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts220" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-v1/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145201.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000022&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts21" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-v1/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News 7 Tamil
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3339619.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000478&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts455" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-v1/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sathiyam TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326432.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000412&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts391" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-v1/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",MalaiMurasu Seithigal
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631012.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000313&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts299" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-v1/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Captain News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2815385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000744&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts702" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-v1/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News J
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819815.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001125&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts968" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69018-kzo65wi0-v1/imageContent-69018-kzo65wi0-m2.png" group-title="TS null",News Tamil 24x7
https://delta46tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/42.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000351&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts334" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-v1/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",DD Podhigai
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454859.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000410&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts390" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-v1/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Madha TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811115.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000430&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts408" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-v2/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Nambikkai TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_651/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000517&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts490" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-v1/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",SVBC 2
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734546.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000596&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts566" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-v2/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Kannada Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_649/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001091&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts940" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-v1/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-m1.png" group-title="TS null",SIRIKANNADA Alltime
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1771/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000901&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts810" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-v2/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Picchar
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2721311.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000169&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts152" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-v2/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",TV9 Kannada
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145105.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000654&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts629" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-v1/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",TV5 Kannada
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3114960.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000360&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts342" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-v1/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Dighvijay 24x7 News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903729.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts913" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-v2/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-m2.png" group-title="TS null",News 1st
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000338&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts321" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-v1/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",DD Chandana
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051449.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000448&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts424" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-v1/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public Music
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000698&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts660" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-v2/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Ayush TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_893/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000583&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts552" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-v1/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Gujarat Samachar TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496644.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000613&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts586" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-v1/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Sandesh News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000071&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts73" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-v2/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",ABP Asmita
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000527&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts497" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-v1/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",VTV Gujarati
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819769.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000531&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts507" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-v3/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Zee 24 Kalak
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631043.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000692&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts654" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-v1/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",India News Gujarat
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4160851.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts891" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-v1/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Mantavya News
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/36.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000341&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts323" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-v1/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",DD Girnar
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/110.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000443&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts419" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-v1/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",OTV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000396&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts376" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-v1/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Kanak News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638473.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000395&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts375" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-v1/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Kalinga TV
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903724.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000932&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts822" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-v1/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Manjari
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326697.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000893&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts805" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-v2/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Nandighosha TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_993/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001058&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts907" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-v6/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-m9.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Argus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1314/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000350&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts333" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-v1/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",DD Odia
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454829.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000195&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts178" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-v1/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Amrita TV
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640649.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000415&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts395" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-v1/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mazhavil Manorama HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/81.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts31" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-v1/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mazhavil Manorama
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts904" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-v2/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Malayalam Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1313/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000561&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts532" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-v1/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet News
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496637.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts87" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-v1/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Manorama News
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000885&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts799" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-v2/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Twenty Four
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_990/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000922&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts820" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53493-kaz5h2kg-v2/imageContent-53493-kaz5h2kg-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",KITE Victers
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4121224.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000377&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts356" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-v1/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",God TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000130&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts122" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-v1/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Punjabi
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696497.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000648&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts624" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-v1/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Pitaara TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817685.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000881&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts794" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-v2/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Punjabi Gold
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3822887.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000609&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts580" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-v1/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000246&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts232" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-v1/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News18 Punjab Haryana Himachal
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000386&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts366" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-v1/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-m1.jpg" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",India News Punjab
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000012&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts13" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-v1/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News Haryana
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000391&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts371" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-v3/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-m4.png" group-title="TS News",Janta TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_585/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000419&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts401" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-v1/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",MH One News
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631006.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000871&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts787" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-v1/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",ANB NEWS
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000996&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts793" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-v2/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Living India News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_984/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001109&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts958" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67324-kvtkevog-v1/imageContent-67324-kvtkevog-m4.png" group-title="TS null",ABP Sanjha
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1784/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000352&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts335" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-v1/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",DD Punjabi
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739529.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts936" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-v1/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Punjabi Hits
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1334/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000105&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts101" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-v1/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Rang
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727342.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000387&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts368" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-v1/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Indradhanu
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3550131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000367&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts353" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-v1/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DY 365
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2115400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000067&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts68" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-v1/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",News18 Assam North East
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553537.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000239&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts226" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-v1/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",NEWS LIVE
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000234&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts221" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-v1/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Protidin Time
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000447&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts423" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-v1/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Prag News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817627.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001043&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts894" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-v1/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-m2.png" group-title="TS null",NKTV 24x7
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4938758.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts898" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62147-knict3og-v1/imageContent-62147-knict3og-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Hornbill TV
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190490.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000349&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts331" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-v1/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DD North East
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000343&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts325" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-v1/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DD Kashir
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454821.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000895&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts806" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-v1/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Boogle Bollywood
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/263.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000879&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts790" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48807-k4m7ud0o-v2/imageContent-48807-k4m7ud0o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Ek Onkar
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/371.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000878&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts791" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-v1/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Fateh TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/353.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts766" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-v1/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ITV 24
https://cable3tatasky.akamaized.net/Itv24dash/live.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000894&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts807" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-v1/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",In Goa 24x7
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/279.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000864&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts782" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-v1/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Namma TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000863&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts781" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-v1/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Prudent
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/155.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000919&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts819" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-v1/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",RDX Goa
https://cable9tatasky.akamaized.net/rdxgoa/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000968&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts837" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-v1/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Hare Krsna
https://dmewjyfrjf65h.cloudfront.net/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000981&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts845" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-v1/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Wah Punjabi
https://cable8tatasky.akamaized.net/wahpunjabi/45f5bff56a47f9ebb68595aac72db8b0.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000979&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts846" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-v1/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Haryanvi Hits
https://cable6tatasky.akamaized.net/haryanvihits/8b04821feb065f68858c15c98f4ec736.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000980&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts847" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-v1/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Krishna Vani
https://cable7tatasky.akamaized.net/KRISHNAVAANI/cdb4d5121f9b2fa38a5e58ce4284414e.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts865" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-v1/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Bangla Bhakti
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts866" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-v1/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Tara News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/696.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts882" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-v1/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Garv Punjab
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/301.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts887" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-v1/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Garv Gurbani
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/319.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts883" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-v1/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Swar Shree
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts893" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-v1/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Valam TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/700.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts908" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-v1/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Nimbark TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/640.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001060&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts909" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-v1/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Dainik Savera
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/429.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts910" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-v1/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",C News Bharat
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts880" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-v1/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-m3.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Outdoor Channel
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts931" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-v1/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Green Chillies TV
https://cable5tatasky.akamaized.net/live/GreenChillies_Playout-Main/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts892" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-v1/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Samara News
https://cable2tatasky.akamaized.net/live/5.stream/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts944" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-v4/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Iskcon Vrindavan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/579.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts945" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-v3/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Nanded Saheb Maharashtra
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts946" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-v3/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Govind Devji Jaipur
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts947" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-v3/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Patna Sahib Patna
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/496.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts948" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-v3/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Naina Devi Himachal Pradesh
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/507.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts949" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-v3/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Sri Naga Sai Mandir Coimbatore
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/536.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001112&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts960" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67700-kwoeo240-v2/imageContent-67700-kwoeo240-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Atmadarshan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001113&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts961" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67703-kwog27o0-v1/imageContent-67703-kwog27o0-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Lakshya TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/675.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001114&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjQ5NzQ5MDUwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MGZlYjdjMy00YjlmLTQxMzUtOTU2OS0xOGRjYTU4YmZlZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ1NTM4MjEwLCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ1NDUxODEwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts963" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67706-kwogiyag-v1/imageContent-67706-kwogiyag-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Punjab Plus
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/691.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001115&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts962" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67709-kwogo2pc-v1/imageContent-67709-kwogo2pc-m1.png" group-title="TS null",ANN News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/680.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000023&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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.lbrwqr_XWCt--MDjw0RjQ8ALJSDQCqgMxZOR8p4JTXA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts22" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-v2/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",News World India
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/57073.mpd

